
# Agates Network Local Team Charter

## 1. Introduction
This charter aims to standardize and guide the operations of Agates Network project in establishing localization teams in various countries or regions, to achieve rapid growth and business expansion. 

## 2. Mission

The mission of Agates Network project localization teams is to promote the project's principles, vision, and products in the responsible country or region, fostering global recognition, user growth, and expansion of the business ecosystem.

## 3. Organization

* **Team Composition:**		Each localization team consists of a team leader (the CEO of Agates Network project in that country or region) and approximately 10 members.

* **Team Leadership:** The CEOs are appointed directly by the Management Committee initially. When the time is right, they will be elected by all core users in the country or region through voting and approved by the Management Committee. The CEOs are reappointed every 3 months and can be re-elected.

* **Team Members:** Team members are recommended by the Management Committee or directly appointed by the CEO, and approved by the Management Committee. The CEO has management responsibilities for all team members. The CEO can adjust the composition of team members at any time based on the performance of each team member.

## 4. Responsibilities

* **Promotion and Marketing:** Promote the values and ideals of the Agates Network project to attract more users.

* **Community Operations:** Manage the local user community of the Agates Network project to facilitate interaction and engagement among users.

* **Business Development:** Expand the Agates Network project's business ecosystem in the respective country or region by seeking partnerships and business opportunities.

## 5. Communication

* **Full Trust:** In principle, the project Management Committee fully trusts each CEO and communicates directly with them, without intervening in their management of the team.

* **Close Communication:** Establish effective communication among team members to ensure timely sharing of information and progress, fostering smooth collaboration.

* **Timely Updates:** CEOs are required to maintain close communication with their team members and promptly report any changes to the Management Committee.

## 6. Performance

The Management Committee objectively and transparently evaluates the performance of the entire team, CEOs, and individual members based on quantifiable metrics such as the number of new users and the number of active users, etc.

## 7. Rights and Benefits

* **Team Display:** The CEO and team member information will be displayed on the official website of Agates Network.

* **Special ID:** The CEO and team members are eligible to customize a short and easy-to-remember Agates ID, which also serves as his/her invitation code.

* **Promoting Bonuses:** The team will receive 20% of the total profits generated by the Agates Network project in their respective countries or regions. Of this, 5% is allocated to the CEO personally, and the remaining 15% is distributed among the team members.

* **Additional Benefits:** The team will receive occasional rewards and AGAT token airdrops as additional benefits.

## 8. Compliance and Revision

All team members are required to adhere to this charter. 

Any necessary revisions or updates will be communicated and executed by the Management Committee.

## 9. Effective Date

This charter becomes effective from the official launch date of the Agates Network project.
